[clickpipes] Add recommendation for max_slot_wal_keep_size (#3180)
ClickHouse/clickhouse-docs: docs/en/integrations/data-ingestion/clickpipes/postgres/faq.md

### How should I scope my publications when setting up replication?

You can let ClickPipes manage your publications (requires write access) or create them yourself. With ClickPipe-managed publications, we automatically handle table additions and removals as you edit the pipe. If self-managing, carefully scope your publications to only include tables you need to replicate - including unnecessary tables will slow down Postgres WAL decoding. Importantly, exclude tables without primary keys if you're not replicating them to avoid potential replication slowness.

## Recommended `max_slot_wal_keep_size` Settings

> - **At Minimum:** Set `max_slot_wal_keep_size` ([link](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/devel/runtime-config-replication.html#GUC-MAX-SLOT-WAL-KEEP-SIZE)) to retain at least **two days' worth** of WAL data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **At Minimum:** Set [`max_slot_wal_keep_size`](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/devel/runtime-config-replication.html#GUC-MAX-SLOT-WAL-KEEP-SIZE) to retain at least **two days' worth** of WAL data.
```
we don't use (link) anywhere else

- **For Large Databases (High Transaction Volume):** Retain at least **2-3 times** the peak WAL generation per day.
- **For Storage-Constrained Environments:** Tune this conservatively to **avoid disk exhaustion** while ensuring replication stability.

### How to Calculate the Right Value

To determine the right setting, measure the WAL generation rate:

#### For PostgreSQL 9.6 and below:

```sql
SELECT pg_xlog_location_diff(pg_current_xlog_insert_location(), '0/0') / 1024 / 1024 AS wal_generated_mb;

> ```

Reviewer: we don't support PG 9.6, our minimum supported version was PG12 I thought

#### For PostgreSQL 10+:

```sql
SELECT pg_wal_lsn_diff(pg_current_wal_insert_lsn(), '0/0') / 1024 / 1024 AS wal_generated_mb;
```

> * Run the above query at different times of the day, especially during high transaction periods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Run the above query at different times of the day, especially during highly transactional periods.
```
Don't really like this phrasing either
